432b2
	IMAP - remove cached contents now unsets the nobody option
	International searching routine
	IMAP - connection management now always allowing at least one message text fetch per personality
	Profiling dialog mods for updating your profile information
	Changed update check to use reglevel instead of full reg information to allay paranoid suspicion
	IMAP - made message selection after IMAP mailbox resync more reasonable.  No longer bring mailboxes to front, or selecting new message if a selection exists already.
	Fixed problem with undo and linking text.
	Ignoring amount of whitespace when comparing subjects
	Personality change no longer adding sig on redirects
	Fixed problem with "does not contain" filter match & body of message.
	Fixed non-flowing of lines that end with tabs.
	Dialled down frequence of usage stats nag.
	Fixed problem where History List updates with the address book open dirtied the window
432b1
	*Handle URLs longer than 255 characters when user clicks on ad
	30 day nag slight was actually 4 days off
	Added attachments (y if have them) to summary copy.
	Allow auto key in Check Mail Specially
	Allow hex HTML literals
	Allow selection of 'appe' as URL helper
	Better interaction with lame Network Setup Library.
	Dialled down frequence of usage stats nag.
	Do the "right thing" with funky characters in registration names
	Fixed conflict with WAPP Pro & latter help menu items.
	Fixed crash when large amounts of text are for some reason pasted into the
	Fixed non-flowing of lines that end with tabs.
	Fixed problem where History List updates with the address book open dirtied the window
	Fixed problem with "does not contain" filter match & body of message.
	Fixed problem with co-brand image covering wazoo buttons when resizing window smaller with big vertical difference
	IMAP - Added setting to resync opened IMAP mailboxes on the server during a mailcheck.
	IMAP - IMAP messages transferred via filter to a POP mailbox now retain links to attachments.
	IMAP - display progress dialog when refreshing mailbox list
	IMAP - eliminated unneeded connection when copying a fully fetched IMAP message to a local mailbox
	IMAP - fixed bug that could cause message status change to be lost when working with fully downloaded IMAP message
	IMAP - fixed bug where message flags made during mailbox resync would be forgotten
	IMAP - fixed crash when uploading messages to an IMAP mailbox.
	IMAP - fixed flashy cursor during IMAP mailbox resync
	IMAP - fixed hesiod quirk with first IMAP mailcheck
	IMAP - fixed problems authenticating with Kerberos_V4 using a principal of a multiple of 8 characters in length.
	IMAP - fixed problems settings flags on messages with huge UIDs (EIMS 2.x users were affected)
	IMAP - message selection after IMAP mailchecks now behaves the same way as in POP mailboxes.
	IMAP - updating message flags in chunks for better performance
	Link History - fixed problems remembering http links to pages on same host that are invoked from messages.
	Link History - made link history names of urls clicked on in message windows a tiny bit more useful
	Make sure translators get real name in address params.
	Manual filter in search window to change label, priority or status would not update original summary.
	More careful about OT version in Insert System Configuration
	Personality change no longer adding sig on redirects
	Split movies into EuIM 133 to avoid ResEdit size restriction on EuIM 128
	Un-windowshade windows when user opens them from menus
	Use facetime values to help determine if user is not getting ads
